Rev 1:1  The revelation of Yeshua the Messiah, which God gave Him to show to His servants the things that must soon take place. He made it known by sending His angel to His servant John, 
Rev 1:2  who testified to the word of God and to the testimony of Yeshua the Messiah—to everything he saw. 
Rev 1:3  How fortunate is the one who reads the words of this prophecy, and those who hear and keep what has been written in it—for the time is near. 
Greeting to the Seven Churches
Rev 1:4  John, To Messiah’s seven communities in Asia: Grace to you and shalom from Him who is and who was and who is to come, as well as from the seven spirits who are before His throne, 
Rev 1:5  and from Messiah Yeshua, the faithful witness, the firstborn of the dead, and the ruler of the kings of the earth. To Him who loves us and has freed us from our sins by His blood 
Rev 1:6  and made us a kingdom, kohanim to His God and Father—to Him be glory and power forever! Amen! 
Rev 1:7  “Look, He is coming with the clouds, and every eye shall see Him, even those who pierced Him. And all the tribes of the earth shall mourn because of Him. Yes, amen!” 
Rev 1:8  “I am the Alpha and the Omega,” says Adonai Elohim, “Who is and who was and who is to come, the Almighty!” 
Vision of the Son of Man
Rev 1:9  I, John, your brother and fellow partaker with you in the tribulation and kingdom and patient endurance that are in Yeshua, was on the island called Patmos because of the word of God and the testimony of Yeshua. 
Rev 1:10  I was in the Ruach on the Day of the Lord, and I heard behind me a loud voice like that of a trumpet, 
Rev 1:11  saying, “Write what you see in a scroll, and send it to Messiah’s seven communities—to Ephesus and to Smyrna and to Pergamum and to Thyatira and to Sardis and to Philadelphia and to Laodicea.” 
Rev 1:12  Then I turned to see the voice that was speaking to me. And when I turned, I saw seven golden menorot. 
Rev 1:13  In the midst of the menorot, I saw One like a Son of Man, clothed in a robe down to His feet, with a golden belt wrapped around His chest. 
Rev 1:14  His head and His hair were white like wool, white like snow, and His eyes like a flame of fire. 
Rev 1:15  His feet were like polished bronze refined in a furnace, and His voice was like the roar of rushing waters. 
Rev 1:16  In His right hand He held seven stars, and out of His mouth came forth a sharp, two-edged sword. His face was like the sun shining at full strength. 
Rev 1:17  When I saw Him, I fell at His feet like a dead man. But He placed His right hand on me, saying, “Do not be afraid! I am the First and the Last, 
Rev 1:18  and the One who lives. I was dead, but look—I am alive forever and ever! Moreover, I hold the keys of death and Sheol. 
Rev 1:19  Therefore write down what you have seen, what is, and what will happen after these things. 
Rev 1:20  As for the mystery of the seven stars that you saw in My right hand, and the seven golden menorot—the seven stars are the angels of Messiah’s seven communities, and the seven menorahs are the seven communities.” 